# Union Log // Early Spring 5014u
## Ground Party
After coming out of **cold stasis**, the squad performed a low-orbit drop in their chassis, destination: The lush, war-scarred planet of **Hercynia**. Planetside, the squad met the leader of **Evergreen** colony's militia, **Brava Hadura**, who offered accomodations at the colony's local watering hole, **The Bottom of the Well**.


## We Could Have Handled This By Text
The squad met up with **Patience**, Evergreen's administrator, and his assistant and handler, **Edena Ji**. Patience delivered a summary of the situation happening on Hercynia, that **attacks** on Evergreen had started months ago-- attacks that caused the **distress call** that pulled the **squad** from corners of the sector. Many colonists believe the raiders to be remnants of the **Egregorians**, an intelligent alien race once native to Hercynia, but Patience had heavy doubts. Finally, Patience **briefed** the squad on their **first mission**. 


## Protect the Engineers
The squad's first task was helping **Chief Engineer Castor Fielding** by escorting him and his engineering team to the colony's **landing bowl**, a large, concave structure and set of systems allowing large ships to dock for trade. They were hit by an **ambush** along the road, but the squad proved **victorious** in getting Fielding's engineers **safely** to the landing bowl.

## Widowmaker
After safely escorting the engineers, the squad was hailed on long-range communications by a **militia patrol** that had been ambushed by the notorious **mechanized sniper** terrorizing the colony's streets from afar, **Venom**. After **tracking** the sniper through the **dense overgrowth** of the planet, Venom sprung his **trap**.

## Trapdoor Spider
Lead into a **clearing** with **little cover**, the squad came face to face with the slippery sniper. After a **long battle**, the squad forced Venom onto the **backfoot** by pushing his **reactor** to **meltdown**. In a last, **desperate** attempt, Venom's pilot drove the chassis into the squad to subject them to the reactor's **catastrophic explosion**. The pilot was **vaporized** instantly. 

## Home on the Range
The squad received a **distress** call coming from one of the **homesteaders** in the **Grey Towns**, **Albert Chau**, who's family had become suddenly surrounded by **hostile subalterns**. On the way through the fields, the squad found **numerous wandering subalterns**, all headed in the same direction: **East**.

## The Horde
The squad made it safely to the **Liu Maize** farms only to find the situation a little more **dire** than anticipated. Here, they faced their first test against the **Machine Horde**, an old, **SeccComm** era **Broadcast unit**, parroting **500 year old** milscript. Despite the Machine Horde's resistance, the squad was able to **successfully wipe out** the **pilotless** opposing forces. As thanks, the Chau's provided the squad with a **delicious meal** and access to their **infected farming Comp/Con**.
