# Union Log // Late Spring 5014u
## Council Chambers
As spring drew to an end, Patience convened a **defense council**, summoning the squad, Brava Hadura, and a few other militia officers to review intelligence. During this meeting, Patience shared their report on **finalizing a connection to a meteorological satellite**, which would allow the colony to **capture** up-to-date **images** of the planet. The squad was told to **remain vigilant** against the raiders.


## Night Strike
Before the squad was able to continue their efforts against the raiders, they were wo


## Protect the Engineers
The squad's first task was helping **Chief Engineer Castor Fielding** by escorting him and his engineering team to the colony's **landing bowl**, a large, concave structure and set of systems allowing large ships to dock for trade. They were hit by an **ambush** along the road, but the squad proved **victorious** in getting Fielding's engineers **safely** to the landing bowl.

## Widowmaker
After safely escorting the engineers, the squad was hailed on long-range communications by a **militia patrol** that had been ambushed by the notorious **mechanized sniper** terrorizing the colony's streets from afar, **Venom**. After **tracking** the sniper through the **dense overgrowth** of the planet, Venom sprung his **trap**.

## Trapdoor Spider
Lead into a **clearing** with **little cover**, the squad came face to face with the slippery sniper. After a **long battle**, the squad forced Venom onto the **backfoot** by pushing his **reactor** to **meltdown**. In a last, **desperate** attempt, Venom's pilot drove the chassis into the squad to subject them to the reactor's **catastrophic explosion**. The pilot was **vaporized** instantly. 

## Home on the Range
The squad received a **distress** call coming from one of the **homesteaders** in the **Grey Towns**, **Albert Chau**, who's family had become suddenly surrounded by **hostile subalterns**. On the way through the fields, the squad found **numerous wandering subalterns**, all headed in the same direction: **East**.

## The Horde
The squad made it safely to the **Liu Maize** farms only to find the situation a little more **dire** than anticipated. Here, they faced their first test against the **Machine Horde**, an old, **SeccComm** era **Broadcast unit**, parroting **500 year old** milscript. Despite the Machine Horde's resistance, the squad was able to **successfully wipe out** the **pilotless** opposing forces. As thanks, the Chau's provided the squad with a **delicious meal**, and access to their **infected farming Comp/Con**.
