Paiti was born in the Diasporan Colonies to her parents 28 years ago. Her father, Mo’e, and her mother, Tamah. They were extremely poor, so much so that when Paiti was only 3 years old, her parents were desperate enough that they sold her to Harrison Armory as a recruit for a super soldier program that they had advertised on their planet as an elite unit for the Colonial Legionnate.

From there on out, Paiti only knew one thing, “strength conquers all.” This was the motto of the program she was thrown into and what they drilled into her head from a young age. They had three tenants that they lived by: “Show no weakness, Have no weakness, Strength conquers all.” They recited these tenets every morning to start their day, during each stance during their martial arts training, and at the end of the day before bed. It was their life.

For a while during her youth and adolescence, Paiti believed. She felt that the only way to succeed in life was through strength, that no weakness should be shown and that she would have no weaknesses because of this. However, towards her teenagehood, she saw what this did to them. They were cold, cruel and ruthless, incapable of showing any sort of remorse or compassion towards those weaker than them, let alone each other.

Paiti gritted her teeth and finished her training through the super soldier program that Harrison Armory put her through, and graduated top of her class. She was also selected for a specialty program HA was developing to try and compete with IPS-Northstar’s newest mech design of the Empakaai. The prototype was functional, but was only a shell of what IPS-N’s version, so the project was scrapped and Paiti returned to the ranks of the Legionnate and ran missions for most of her early adulthood. Paiti requested that she keep the prototype, but over time, from wear and tear, the prototype was repaired/rebuilt down to a base level Everest suit.
