Skorri Eydisson was born to a loving family and home 26 years ago, but the world he lived in was much less kind than his parents. Son of Edyis Brimson and Thyre Asvor, Skorri came into the violent and volatile world of Sparri during a time of even more change. The Sparri having only recently joined into the Union and the local government was struggling to keep the wild tribes under control and assimilating into the new structure of the Union Systems. With time they finally got more accustomed to their Union leaders and the Sparri people still held onto their traditions and ritual practices (with the approval of Union leaders knowing if they didn't, uprisings were sure to follow).

On his 16th names-day, Skorri took his Rites of Honor like his ancestors did before him. A practice that they followed for millennia, a Sparri tribesperson would hunt a wild beast down with a partner, but without the help of their mech/suit and bring a trophy back as proof. Skorri and his partner spent the first few days hunting down what they thought was an appropriate beast for his kill. Tracking it back to its den, they knew this would be the best time to strike, cornering it so it couldn't escape. As they entered the beast caught their scent and burst into a frenzy of snarls and hair raising barks, what he didn't expect was to see the beast protecting its brood of younglings behind it. Skorri's partner sprang forward and shouted to Skorri to fight, but he saw the beast for what it was, afraid. Skorri quickly moved in front of his hunting partner and blocked the blow he was attempting to bring down onto the beast's head. The beast lunged at Skorri and clawed his back, but Skorri didn't respond in anger, he simply let the beast scratch and claw while he attempted to stop the other hunter's attacks. After a few blows, the beast saw that Skorri was protecting him from the hunter and stopped its attacks, launching itself at the other hunter, biting his neck. The other hunter quickly passed and Skorri fell to his knees. The beast returned to its children and looked at Skorri as he succumbed to blood loss.

Skorri awoke a few days later in a different cavern, lined with furs and the smell of stew wafting through the air. He reached for his axes, only to find them not in their holsters and quickly stood up in defense. Staring back at him was a woman in furs and a golden crown of antlers. She introduces herself as Frigg, an outcast of the Sparri people, because she too couldn't bring herself to slay a beast out of pure violence. She said the beast brought him to her after the fight and spoke to her of his bravery and defense. Skorri listened to her stories of other Sparri people that have "failed" to pass the Rites of Honor ritual, but that there was an alternative to the Rites. If deemed worthy by her people, the Aesir, they would take on the title of Valkyr and join their tribe instead of returning to their original tribe. Skorri knew that this path was the right one for him, and asked to join them. Frigg of course agreed as his acts of bravery and protection of the beast were sentiment enough of his character.
Skorri left with the Frigg and joined the Aesir tribe, growing up within their nomadic lifestyle. He eventually joined a small group of Aesir that were tasked with journeying out into the universe and gaining resources for the tribe's finances as the influence of the Union grew even stronger over Sparri. Deemed "mercenaries" by the Union and other factions within, the group created a name for themselves as a formidable fighting force for hire. Protecting people who required their help and restoring balance throughout the systems. During his travels he found that there were many things outside of Sparri that he wasn't prepared for: slaving, war, genocide, etc. This slowly made Skorri more and more cold to his decision making, but also creating a rage within him that would sometimes come out in battle. Instead of following the Aesir's strong, yet defensive fighting styles, Skorri would burst out in rage when pushed over the edge. This caused a rift between him and the other Aesir he traveled with. Eventually they exiled him from the group and he was on his own in the universe to make a living.

Battle and fighting being the only thing he knew, Skorri continued on and took on the title of "mercenary" in a more positive light. Joining crews for jobs across the universe, he leaned towards still good paying and good intention jobs, but from time to time he was known for taking on risks too great for most and pushed himself to the edge in many fights. Because of this fighting style, Skorri's mech took on many major injuries, but instead of fully fixing them, he keeps them there to remind him of the moments he has come close to death. These injuries that his mech has sustained over time reminded him of an old mythological figure, Baldr, a hero who could take any hit and take no damage. Seeing this as a fitting tribute, he renamed his mech as Baldr.

On his adventures Skorri took on a few jobs in which he worked alongside another pilot, who he seemed to have a decent enough rapport with and their call sign was "Verge. The two pilots had similar styles of combat, while Verge had a more precise style of combat, Skorri was able to hold enemies at bay until Verge was able to assist in finishing them off.
 
Through the missions that they worked together on, Skorri was usually the one of the two who would get them into precarious situations. The phrase, "Hey Verge, watch this," was one that they heard a few too many times and caused them to have to pull Skorri from getting over his head. In particular a mission where the two were tasked with helping a local fishing village stave off a large sea monster. Skorri saw it best to jump into the mouth of the beast, mech and all, to try and fight his way out. Skorri still to this day claims he was not in any danger from the beast's stomach acid dissolving him whole, but Verge says when he finally got Sigmundr out, they could see Skorri sitting in his pilot's seat since the acid burned through.

The two worked together on the same side for the most part, however on a few occasions, the two pilots were playful in their duels while still testing who's ability was better. The biggest issue was the aftermath the two would cause when facing off against each other. With Verge's finesse and Sigmundr's lack thereof, the destruction afterwards in many towns/planets would make the money paid afterwards from the contract almost negligible.

